♪ And the home of the brave ♪
♪♪
SCOTT-HERON:
The first revolution
is when you change your mind
about how you look at things
and see there might be another
way to look at it
that you have not been shown.
PROTESTERS: NYPD!
SCAHILL: The brutality
against protesters,
the para-militarization
of law enforcement.
CARRIE: That's why
we have to keep trying.
KEANE: We don't need a police
state in this country
to fight terrorism.
We need a new strategy.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised.
GREENWALD:...the system
of indefinite detention...
SCAHILL: FBI and the CIA
targeting Muslim communities...
DeMARCO: Security. Got an
agitated non-compliant patient.
-Get away from me!
-What's his name again?
-Peter Quinn.
SCOTT-HERON: You will not be
able to stay home, brother.
You will not be able to
plug in, turn on, and cop out.
-It's a very alarming charge.
-The Russians
hacked our committees.
WOMAN: The continuation
of endless war.
QUINN: Can't you get that
through your fucking skull?
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
put you in the driver's seat.
SCAHILL:
The U.S. continues to engage
in a covert war
with very, very high stakes.
SAUL: I made promises
and didn't keep them.
PRIEST: This world began
right after 9/11.
SCOTT-HERON: The revolution will
not be televised,
not be televised.
There will be no rerun,
brothers and sisters.
The revolution will be live.
CHAFFETZ: Which agency?
McCULLOUGH: I can't say that
here in an open hearing, sir.
QUINN: You saved me.
CARRIE: Yes.
QUINN: Why?
(inhales sharply)
(groans softly)
(groans)
(door opens)
ASTRID: Peter?
You okay?
Mm.
It's me -- Astrid.
What are you doing up?
They said you'd be out
for another 12 hours at least.
Hey.
(slurring) Wh-Where am I?
It's a good question.
Ugh.
Middle of nowhere's
the answer.
Someplace called
Upper Chateaugay --
if that's even how
you pronounce it.
Astrid?
Yeah. It's me.
You're...You are --
I'm here.
Everything's
gonna be fine now.
Oh, what's happening?
Ugh.
Nothing, nothing.
You're just feeling
the effects
of the sedative
the doctor gave you.
What doctor?
The one at the hospital.
Don't let me forget.
What, Peter?
What?
Carrie said...
What did Carrie say?
What?
You getting this, Carrie?
It's good.
What about the backyard?
Just press the star key.
Yeah. It's good, too.
Okay. Great.
I'll be right in.
(door closes)
(sighs)
See anything over there?
No.
(case thuds)
(sighs) Yeah.
Me neither.
I had eyes on the building
all night.
(sighs)
Did you get any sleep?
No.
Look, Carrie, I'm happy
to set up an alarm, cameras.
I'll even stand guard
at the door with a rifle, but --
I told you,
I can't call the police.
A bomb has been planted.
An FBI agent is dead.
I-I don't know
who these people are,
but they are serious.
And they're connected.
I'm worried about you.
(cellphone ringing)
It's Franny's school.
I'll get to work
on the alarm.
-Hello?
-Carrie?
This is Beth
from St. Martha's.
Is Franny okay?
She's fine.
But I think
you should get over here.
What's wrong?
Nothing. It's just...
There's someone here
from Children's Services.
What?
Talking to her
about what happened
at your house
two days ago,
that police action.
-(sighs)
Oh, my God.
-I thought you should know.
Okay, I'm on my way.
Tell Franny I'm coming.
BETH: Carrie,
this is Christine Lonas.
Hi, I'm from the Administration
for Children's Services.
Hi.
I need to speak
to Ms. Mathison alone.
Of course.
Well, I've been
talking to Franny...
I want to see my daughter.
Here, take a seat.
Please.
So, our agency is
required by law
to investigate
any situation
in which a child
may have been harmed.
She wasn't harmed.
Not physically maybe.
She was upset, n-naturally.
Anybody would be. I was.
But w-we talked
the whole thing through.
She just...
She just wants to get her life
back to normal.
Well, that's not what I got
from my conversation with her.
Really?
What I saw was a bright,
sensitive little girl
who was...traumatized
by a horrific event.
"Traumatized" is
a strong word.
And her trauma was deepened
when you returned her
to the site of the event
only one day after it happened.
We talked about going home.
She was good with it.
It's not safe psychologically
for her to be there.
(sighs) Look, I d--
I don't agree with you,
but I-I can take her somewhere
for a few days,
to a hotel
if you think that's best.
For how long?
(inhales deeply)
After my talk with Franny,
I made a determination
that she's at imminent risk
for further harm.
What?
She's been taken
out of school
and placed in
a state-registered youth home.
You mean she's not here?
She's my daughter!
You have no right to do this!
Ms. Mathison, please,
this is just a temporary step
until my office can
further assess the situation.
No, the situation is, I need
to see my daughter right now.
There are steps
that need to be taken.
No, you cannot just put her
in some institution!
I agree. It's not ideal.
Is there a-a family member
who could take her
in the meantime?
My sister.
Good.
Uh, how do I reach her?
You can't.
What do you mean?
Her husband's a professor.
They're in Rome for a year
on sabbatical.
This -- This is bullshit.
Oh.
Thank you.
Sorry.
(sighs)
Look, this...
isn't an appropriate place
for us to be having
this conversation.
My office is ten minutes
from here.
What do you say we continue
the discussion there, okay?
Okay.
Good.
Protesters greet a delegation
of Iranian finance ministers
on a diplomatic mission to
expedite the easing of sanctions
under the controversial
nuclear-arms treaty.
Iran is insisting
they have dismantled
their nuclear-weapons program
while claiming the U.S.
is slow-rolling
the promised economic relief.
Gentlemen,
I have your passports.
Mr. Alibadi.
Thank you.
Mr. Kasem.
That's for you.
Thank you.
Mr. Karrubi.
That's me.
Welcome to New York.
Thank you.
-Mr. Falhadi.
-Right here.
And, finally, Mr. Mohada.
My colleague will escort you
to your cars.
Enjoy your stay.
(indistinct speaking over P.A.)
(indistinct shouting)
(shouting intensifies)
MAN: Go back
to your own country!
(shouting continues)
NEWS CORRESPONDENT:
You've never spoken publicly
about your son.
W-Why the change of heart?
I realized I might've been
giving people
the wrong impression.
What impression is that?
Well, that somehow,
I wasn't proud of him
or the sacrifice
that he and so many others made
in this war.
You were proud of him.
Oh, yes. Very much so.
He loved his country.
He believed in the mission.
He was...
the light of my life,
and I miss him
every single moment
of every day.
What was he like?
What can you tell us about him?
Well, he never dreamed
of being a soldier.
I can tell you that.
-No?
-No.
(laughs) Physics was
his passion --
aerospace engineering,
to be exact.
9/11 changed all that.
That's when he decided
to enroll at West Point?
Yes.
You didn't try
to talk him out of it?
(chuckles)
You couldn't talk Andrew
out of anything,
not once his mind
was made up.
And once he graduated,
he served three tours in Iraq?
Two full tours.
He was killed just
at the beginning of his third.
And by then, you had come out
against the war.
Yes,
and he was furious about it.
I remember he criticized
your Senate-floor speeches,
saying they were
aiding and abetting the enemy.
Mm-hmm. Yes.
It was a very difficult time
for us as a family.
He was doing
what he believed was right,
and I was doing
what I believed was right.
When was the last time
you saw him?
2007, in Baghdad.
KEANE: The Pentagon was in
the middle of a charm offensive.
"The surge is working.
Victory is
just over the horizon."
I was there with a group
of skeptical senators.
Well, now it's almost
ten years later,
and we are still there,
and American soldiers
are still dying.
McCLENDON: What a cunt.
NEWS CORRESPONDENT: One of
the longest war in our history.
Yes, that's right.
In fact, Syria
is now the 14th country
in the Islamic world
where U.S. forces have invaded,
occupied, or bombed,
and that's just since 1980.
She's winning
the argument.
She's a Gold Star mom.
She's tough to argue with.
At least...
for now she is.
NEWS CORRESPONDENT:...on
the ground, so we're talking...
Did you know
Javadi's in town?
I was alerted the minute
he boarded the plane in Tehran.
Well, what are you gonna do
about it?
He and Saul cannot meet.
Otherwise,
everything unravels.
They won't.
(raps bar)
Some do.
And there's always going
to be that debate,
and that's -- that's part
of the joy of a democracy.
(elevator bell dings)
How'd it go?
Well,
he got the ticket, sir.
-Good.
-Mr. Berenson?
You're needed
in the conference room.
What's this about?
I can't say,
but apparently, it's urgent.
Sure.
Saul, Rachel Crofts --
Deputy in Counter-Intelligence.
I know who you are.
What's this about?
We have a bit of an issue.
I'm listening.
The Director's asked me
to debrief you
on your recent visit
to the West Bank.
You're kidding.
You came all the way up
from Washington
to ask me about a dinner I had
with my sister?
Come on, Saul.
You're there the same night
a senior Rev Guard commander
is reported crossing
the Jordanian border.
Says who?
The Israelis.
(gasps)
So that's what this is --
Tovah Rivlin setting
a backfire.
Well, anyway you look at it,
the optics aren't good.
I'm too old to worry
about optics.
If I did,
I'd never look in the mirror.
(sighs)
This isn't a laughing matter.
The Director has been
on the receiving end of some
very heated phone calls,
and not just from Tovah Rivlin.
(cellphone vibrates)
Look, I know this is
a pain in the ass,
but the Director is hoping
you'll cooperate
so he can get Mossad
off his back.
Consider it
a personal favor.
I need
to make a call first.
This is awkward,
but I need your phone.
Why do you need my phone?
To track your movements
in the West Bank.
Is this a debrief
or an interrogation?
We just want to present
a thorough explanation to Mossad
so we can close the chapter
on what I hope
is just a misunderstanding.
The sooner we begin,
the sooner we finish.
Here you go.
Look,
I-I know what this is about.
There was all this craziness
at my house,
and somebody called your agency,
one of the neighbors or
a parent from Franny's school.
-Ms. Mathison --
But they don't know me,
and they don't know Franny,
and they don't know
what really happened.
Well, that's why
we're here
so that you can tell me
what happened.
-I am a good mother.
-I understand.
Why don't you start
and tell me about that day?
-The day of the bombing.
-That's right.
Okay. Uh, well...
I got a call from Reda Hashem,
my -- my business partner...
Mm-hmm.
...informing me
that one of our clients
was apparently driving the truck
that blew up.
Imagine that
was quite a shock.
Yeah, to say the least.
Uh, his family was distraught.
I had to get over there.
And that's when you left Franny
with, uh, Mr. Quinn?
-It was for ten minutes.
-Mm-hmm.
Her nanny was on her way.
Yes, one of my colleagues
spoke to her.
Uh, the point is,
I had to go,
and there was no one else.
Plus, Franny adores Quinn.
Tell me about him.
What's your connection?
We're former colleagues.
We worked together at the
Central Intelligence Agency.
Why is he living with you?
Well, we're also friends,
and he was recovering
from a brain injury
at the Brooklyn V.A.,
but that didn't work out.
So I couldn't let him live
on the street.
Mm-hmm. I just got off the phone
with the V.A.
I understand
that Mr. Quinn suffers
from bouts
of rage and depression.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's
some psychological issues.
Including
violent outbursts.
He hated it at the V.A.
Still, you moved him
into your house.
No, in-into the basement.
It's a separate apartment.
Uh-huh.
There's a door that locks.
There were
very strict rules in place.
E-Everything was fine.
Right.
Until the bombing.
Yes, the press came
to my house.
There were people
throwing rocks.
There were police
everywhere.
Well, weren't they there
because Mr. Quinn
was holding Franny
and your nanny hostage?
-No! That is not accurate.
-He wasn't holding them hostage?
(sighs)
Not from his point of view.
Oh.
Quinn is --
is a highly trained soldier.
He believed that Franny
was in danger,
which, you know, she was,
sh-- from people throwing rocks,
from the police.
He was doing what he could
to keep her safe.
Do you think
that Franny felt safe?
W-- I'm sure she was frightened,
but she's a strong girl.
There's something
I want to share with you.
What?
During our conversation,
Franny disclosed that she didn't
feel safe with Mr. Quinn.
In fact,
she said she was terrified.
She thought
she was gonna die.
Yeah, I know
that that is hard to hear.
Sorry.
Just...
M-Ms. Lonas, when...
when can I see her?
What do I have to do?
I will do anything.
You're doing it.
Y-You are...helping
with the investigation.
And how long
will this take?
I will try and get your case
before the judge tomorrow.
And then
Franny comes home?
Mm...
that's up to the judge.
Now,
do you have a lawyer?
Peter?
Peter!
(breathing heavily)
(engine turns off)
(sighs) Peter.
What are you doing?
What's it look like?
Freezing to death.
Come on, let's at least
get you into the car,
where it's warm.
-No.
I have to get back
to New York.
Well, that would be
a mistake.
We'll see.
Peter.
You will be
arrested again.
That's the deal --
you stay out here,
out of the public eye.
What deal?
The deal Dar Adal made.
Right now, you're an important
national-security asset.
Break the terms, and
you're a national-security risk.
Do I like
a f-fucking risk to you?
You shot a civilian, Peter.
In the...
safe place!
Yeah, with a handgun,
from distance.
'Cause they were
coming for me.
Who is?
The people.
W-What people?
The people who...
built the bomb.
What do you mean,
the kid?
No, not the kid!
Peter,
I-I don't understand.
Exactly.
I have to go find out.
Hey!
Hey! (chuckles)
You folks okay?
Hey, can I ride get a ride
into town?
MAN: Yeah, hop in.
Whoa, sir, trust me.
-Hey!
You don't want to do this.
My husband's not well.
I'm not her husband.
She just lied.
-Ignore him.
-Why are you lying?
-He's off his --
-She's a German spy woman!
He's off his meds.
-She has me trapped in a...
-Yeah. I'm sorry.
-Sorry, buddy. Not today.
-No! You have to help me!
Whoa! Hey!
Come on!
Hey!!
(sighs)
(dramatic music plays)
♪♪
(car door closes)
(ringing)
They got him.
Good.
(sighs)
CROFTS: At any point
in the course of the evening,
did you leave the location,
or did you
receive a message there?
DAR ADAL: Saul, I'm sorry.
I just heard
this was happening.
I think we're done
here, Rachel.
But the Director
asked me to --
Let me handle the Director.
You can go.
Ohh, I'm getting too old
for this.
They grilled you about your trip
to the West Bank, huh?
Yeah.
Heads-up sure would've
been nice.
What do you mean?
Come on, Dar.
Counter-Intelligence wouldn't
send one of their shit-stirrers
to debrief me...
without your blessing.
I didn't know she was here,
Saul, till a minute ago.
I swear.
Got my phone?
Yeah.
Thanks.
REDA:
Yeah, I understand.
Yeah.
Yeah. Got it.
Okay, you've got
my contact info,
so just call me directly
if anything else comes up.
Thank you.
Here's what I've been able
to find out.
They're moving Franny
to a private home.
She has a home.
They're a highly regarded
family.
They've got two kids
of their own.
One is close to Franny's age.
It'll be like a sleepover.
With people
she doesn't know.
Wh-What are they telling her?
She must be freaking out!
It's one night, Carrie.
We're scheduled to be in court
tomorrow afternoon.
I can't just sit here
and allow this to happen.
You've got no choice.
(sighs)
Look at it this way.
Franny has been
through something terrifying.
The caseworkers are just doing
what they're supposed to do,
protecting the child
in question.
Franny doesn't need
their protection.
And when the judge
realizes that tomorrow,
he'll send her home.
This is a misunderstanding.
I know I should have told you I
was coming to New York,
Okay, okay.
What's going on?
Who told you to do this?
Who gave you the order?
Do you know what
I'll do to you?
General.
(chuckles)
Naser.
Imagine my surprise, when I
heard you were in New York.
Not exactly the welcome
I was hoping for.
If only we'd known
you were coming...
Perhaps I was trying
to avoid this
theater of the absurd.
Oh, it's not theater.
Trust me.
(sighs)
You can start by telling me
what urgent business
brought you here.
Nothing urgent.
Meeting an asset.
Who?
You know I can't
tell you that.
Must be a very important
asset to take such a risk.
Not all that risky.
I've been here before.
I believe your last visit
here was three years ago.
So what?
As I remember,
not all of your movements
were accounted for.
Some say
time spent in enemy hands
is the same as becoming
the enemy himself.
(chuckles)
Yeah, yeah...
you made that argument
in front of the
Revolutionary Council.
It fell on deaf ears.
Today is different.
Today,
I have proof
from an unimpeachable source
you are
a traitor.
What source?
Someone inside the CIA itself.
Nonsense!
Here's where you
tell me the name
of every American agent
working in Iran.
Idiot.
Even if I'm what you say,
I'd never know such a thing.
I'd never want to know.
Hold the chair.
(suspenseful music plays)
No, Naser.
Naser, don't!
Naser, don't do it.
(screaming)
Come on, General.
I want the names. Tell me.
Go to hell.
(screams)
(gunshots)
My apologies, General.
Get me out of here.
What's your name?
Amir Bastami.
I served with you in Iraq.
You never asked us
to do anything you
wouldn't do yourself.
One time, when
we were hungry...
you snuck into
an enemy village,
brought back a goat
on your shoulders.
We ate well that night.
I'll remember what you've
done for me today.
I'm honored, General.
Come. Hurry.
(dramatic music plays)
LONAS: For the most part,
Ms. Mathison is an involved,
concerned parent.
Recently, she moved to Brooklyn
and started a new career
in an effort to become
a more consistent presence
in Franny's life.
However, I found
that Ms. Mathison's efforts
to provide a stable environment
for Franny
have been undermined
by some...blind spots.
For example, she brought
a mentally disturbed veteran,
Peter Quinn,
into her home.
I-I thought
I explained that?
This led to an incident
which Mr. Quinn held
Franny and her nanny hostage
for several hours.
I described it in detail
in my report.
I've read it.
Your Honor, Quinn thought
he was protecting Franny.
You'll have your chance to
address the court, Ms. Mathison.
I'm sorry,
but y-you should know
that Quinn is no longer living
in my home.
It's an important point,
Your Honor.
If the main issue is
Franny's exposure to Mr. Quinn,
that problem has
been resolved.
Your Honor, even with Mr. Quinn
removed from the home,
Franny continues
to be at risk.
From whom?
Well, from her mother.
This morning, I conducted
my second interview with Franny.
In this conversation,
she disclosed a disturbing fact.
Two nights ago,
she woke up
and discovered her mother
in her room.
So?
Ms. Mathison was sitting
on the floor near Franny's bed,
asleep,
with a gun in her lap.
Ms. Mathison,
is that true?
(sighs)
I did have a gun,
but I was not asleep.
That's not
what her daughter said.
Was the gun loaded,
Ms. Mathison?
Answer the question.
Yes, it was.
Putting aside for a moment
whether or not you were asleep,
can you explain
what you were doing
in your daughter's room
with a loaded gun?
I had reason to fear
for my safety, Your Honor,
and Franny's.
Why didn't you call
the police?
If you felt
you were in danger,
why not call the police?
(sighs)
Your Honor, I'm a former
intelligence officer.
I used to work
for the CIA.
Go on.
I've been trained
to handle firearms
and deal
with threatening situations.
Lately, at my home,
there have been times
when that I felt that Franny
and I were in danger,
so I responded in the way
that I was trained.
By spending the night
next to your daughter
with a loaded gun?
Uh, the safety was on.
But the gun was loaded.
Your daughter's sleeping
a few feet away.
Do you think
that's reasonable?
Two days before,
I had people out on the street
throwing rocks at my house,
calling me a terrorist.
Aren't the police prepared
to handle a situation like that?
Well, the last time
the police came to my house,
things didn't turn out
so well.
So you're saying you can handle
a dangerous situation
better than the police?
No.
No, I-I do not mean that.
I mean I have
worked intense environments
in -- in Baghdad
and Islamabad.
I-I don't panic
in dangerous situations.
I can keep my head clear.
But in terms of my home,
the demonstrators
haven't come back,
so that danger has passed,
and Quinn is no longer living
in the house.
So I'm confident that Franny
will be safe at home with me.
LONAS: Your Honor...
Ms. Mathison's neglected to tell
the court an important fact.
Go on.
She suffers
from bipolar disorder.
-What?!
-That is out of line.
Is this true?
Yes,
but I take medication.
I haven't had an episode
in over a year.
She's been hospitalized
for her disorder twice
and received
electroconvulsive therapy.
Your Honor, depriving a parent
of her custodial rights
because of an illness
is blatant discrimination.
Not if the illness
endangers a child.
And Ms. Mathison's claims
about mysterious threats
and distrust of the police
sound exactly like symptoms
of a manic episode.
There were threats.
They had nothing to do
with my illness.
Quiet, please.
What is the agency's
recommendation?
Bottom line, Your Honor,
Ms. Mathison fell asleep
in her daughter's bedroom
with a loaded gun.
Our assessment is that,
this fact alone
meets the legal requirement
of imminent risk.
I'm going to accept
the agency's recommendation.
Ms. Mathison,
you'll be required
to undergo
psychiatric evaluation.
Ms. Lonas, I'd like you
to prepare a home study
and a deeper
background investigation.
Yes, Your Honor.
Franny will remain
in foster care
until more information is
provided at further proceedings.
-No!
-This session is adjourned.
(gavel bangs)
REDA: I'm gonna talk to her.
I'll be right back.
(dramatic music plays)
(door closes)
(inhales sharply)
(sobbing)
(indistinct shouting)
MAN: Popcorn! Cotton candy!
(whistle blows)
(buzzer blares)
AMIR: Excuse me.
Sure you have
the right seat?
You're Saul.
I am.
Who are you?
Amir.
You and I have a friend
in common.
Where is our friend?
Someplace safe,
waiting for you.
Why didn't he come?
He'll explain
when you see him.
Come,
I'll take you to him.
Our friend said
I should send greetings
from Sergeant Brody.
Let's go.
(crowd cheering)
(lock disengages)
(alarm beeping)
(keypad beeping)
(beeping stops)
(sighs)
(door slams)
(breathing heavily)
SAUL: Majid.
Kindly explain
what the fuck is going on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
If it wasn't for that loyal man
in the car,
I'd be dead right now --
maybe worse.
What happened?
I was picked up
by my own service,
accused of being
a traitor.
Who knew
I was coming to New York?
No one.
No one?
Then who was aware
of our meeting in the West Bank?
The Israelis suspected it.
But only one other person
knew for sure.
Dar Adal --
I told him about it myself.
The same Dar Adal
who's been trying to undermine
the nuclear deal
every step of the way?
That was over
three years ago.
If he was gonna burn you...
time was then, not now.
Not if he thinks that we are
building a bomb in North Korea.
Are you...
building a bomb
in North Korea?
(sighs)
(cellphone clicks)
Who's this?
Your friend the banker,
Farhad Nafisi.
He's a little hard to recognize,
I admit.
Wild guess --
he's working for Mossad.
For the past eight years.
Including the little show
they put on for you
in Abu Dhabi.
You have him on camera
admitting as much?
Mm-hmm.
Show me.
First,
I want political asylum.
Of course.
Plus, I want
'round-the-clock protection
and access
to my $45 million.
That's gonna be
a little trickier.
Wait a minute.
I'm listening.
I can put you
in front of someone
who can make it happen.
The President-elect.
Go on.
And she can hear it
from your own lips --
Iran isn't cheating
on the deal.
There's no parallel program
in North Korea.
Nothing would give me
greater pleasure.
Believe me.
Amir!
I'll set up the meeting.
Hello. Saul Berenson.
Well, I need
to speak to him immediately.
It's urgent.
-Yes --
(gunshot)
Majid...
for Chrissake.
What?
No loose ends.
You taught me that, Saul.
Come on.
Help me put him
in the trunk.
(car door closes)
(door opens)
Where is he?
Down by the lake.
He hasn't said a word...
not since I called you.
But he knows I'm coming?
-Seemed to calm him down.
-Mm.
I didn't know
what else to do.
No, no,
you did the right thing.
What have you told him?
What I know,
which isn't much.
Maybe this
wasn't such a good idea,
me coming.
Listen.
Convincing him was never
gonna be easy.
You being here is gonna make
all the difference.
Trust me.
ASTRID: So, you want to do this
alone or...
Alone.
What the hell is this?
Feeling sorry
for yourself?
Go fuck yourself, Dar.
Because if you are,
that would be a first.
You grew up in a hard school,
no time for self-pity.
It's the first thing about you
that impressed.
Not the first thing.
Yeah, well...
we're all beautiful
when we're young, aren't we?
Fucking...dirty old man.
Fair enough.
For the record,
though, I...
I never forced myself
on anyone.
(sighs)
I'm not staying here.
Yes, you are.
Astrid will look after you
till you can
look after yourself.
No.
The alternative is prison
or the psych ward.
That's the truth, Peter.
And what's so bad?
Isn't this what you always
dreamed of?
A house on a lake.
Or do I have that wrong, too?
Why don't you just put me
in a fuckin'...
Collar.
Collar! Thank you.
What's so important you have
to get back to New York?
Astrid mentioned
on the phone
you were talking
about the attack.
The bomb that went off --
why are you so interested?
What's it to you?
Well, if you won't say,
I will.
It's Carrie Mathison.
Her foundation represented
the bomber.
She's what's pulling you back
to New York, isn't that it?
No.
(chuckles)
The sway she holds over you...
and Saul,
I'll never understand --
Fuck, it's cold out here!
I believe they had a name
for her in Kabul, didn't they,
when she was
Station Chief there.
What was it again?
"The Angel of Death"?
"The Drone Queen."
Yeah.
And in Berlin?
Just stop, Dar.
I assume you never heard
the whole story...
of your medical ordeal
there.
Yeah, I did.
Carrie told me.
What'd she say?
That I...
flatlined and was dead
for three minutes.
(sighs) Not exactly.
What do you mean?
You were in a coma, Peter,
a deep coma.
Carrie ordered the doctors
to wake you up.
She did this despite
repeated warnings
about the risks
of the procedure.
She thought
you might have information
on the terror cell
that was plotting the attack
on Hauptbahnhof.
She was wrong.
W-What risks?
The main one was
massive cerebral hemorrhage.
Stroke.
(dramatic music plays)
You think she's been
taking care of you
all these months
out of love?
Sounds a lot more like guilt
if you ask me.
I bought you this
one chance.
There won't be another.
(sighs)
(breathing heavily)
(sobbing)
(sniffles)
(glass clatters, thuds)
(sighs)
(dialing)
(ringing)
Uh, hello.
This is Carrie Mathison.
C-Can you, uh, put me through
to the President-elect?
Yes! I know what time it is.
I'm sorry.
Uh, yes. I know.
It's, uh -- It's urgent.
(breathing heavily)
KEANE: Carrie?
Madame President-elect.
(breathing heavily)
Is something wrong?
Children's Services has
put Franny into foster care.
I don't --
I don't know where she is.
They won't --
They won't tell me.
I-I haven't --
I haven't been able to see her.
I'm sorry.
I-I was thinking that with
all your contacts in Albany,
that m-maybe y-you know someone
who oversees the agency
or -- or --
or the judge.
Just...
someone you could call.
(breathing heavily)
Call to...?
To -- To vouch for me,
you know?
T-To...
To tell them how --
how wrong this is.
I can't use the office
of the President
to solve
a personal problem.
Well, it's just a call.
It's unethical.
I'm surprised you would
even ask me.
My daughter is in --
is in some stranger's house,
just lying there,
thinking I've abandoned her!
Have you been drinking?
No. No!
I just...
I just thought that --
that --
that you, of all people,
would understand.
I me-- (sobs)
You lost a child.
(inhales sharply)
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
(stammering)
Yeah, may...
M-Maybe that was --
that was too far.
I'm sorry. I just...
Jesus. I-I -- What --
What am I supposed to do?
I don't know.
But I can't help you.
I'm sorry.
I have to go.
(receiver clicks)
(ringing)
DAR ADAL: Hello?
Hello?
It's Christine Lonas from ACS.
I just wanted to let you know
that Franny's in foster care.
She'll stay there
for the foreseeable future.
I don't enjoy taking a child
from her mother,
but in this case, it's
clearly the right thing to do.
That's why I contacted you.
LONAS:
Well, I appreciate it.
The information you supplied
was very helpful.
Thanks
for letting me know.
(suspenseful music plays)
Ahh.
♪♪